ICRC-33: extract icrc33_call_canister (#104)
dfinity/wg-identity-authentication: topics/icrc_33_call_canister.md

# ICRC-33: Call Canister

| Status |
|:------:|
| Draft  |

<!-- TOC -->
* [ICRC-33: Call Canister Standard](#icrc-33-call-canister)
    * [Summary](#summary)
    * [Scope](#scope)
    * [Method](#method)
    * [Request](#request)
        * [Example RPC Request ](#example-rpc-request)
    * [Response](#response)
        * [Example RPC Response ](#example-rpc-response)
    * [Message Processing](#message-processing)
    * [Errors](#errors)

## Summary

This standard defines a method for requesting 3rd party canister calls to be executed by the signer utilising a user selected identity.

> This message can be used by the relying party to request canister calls to be executed by the signer.

Reviewer: The second sentence feels redundant? However, I would add some words about user approval / transaction approval to explain why this is secure.

Author: Oh, yea. Will merge the two

> ## Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Method
```

    else
        alt Canister supports ICRC-21
            Note over S,C: Follow the ICRC-21 standard
        else Canister does not support ICRC-21
            S ->> U: Display warning and canister call details (canisterId, sender, method, arg)
            Note over S,U: The warning should inform the user that the canister does not support ICRC-21<br/>The arguments should be decoded, otherwise another warning must be displayed
        end
        alt Approved
            U ->> S: Approve request
            S ->> C: Submit canister call
            S ->> S: Wait for the canister call result
            alt Call successful
                S ->> U: Display success message
                S ->> RP: Canister call response
                RP ->> RP: Validate the certificate
                RP ->> RP: Retrieve the result
            else Call failed
                S ->> U: Display failure message
                S ->> RP: Error response: Network error (40001) | Unknown error (10001)
            end
        else Rejected
            U ->> S: Reject request
            S ->> RP: Error response: Action aborted (30201)
        end
    end
```

> ## Scope (according to the [ICRC-25 standard](./icrc_25_signer_interaction_standard.md))

Reviewer: This section should probably be consistent with ICRC-31 and 32, where it is combined with the `Method`. I like this variant more, though.
But I would suggest moving it upwards, right after the `Method` header.

- `senders` (`text` array): A list of sender principal ids (textual representation) the scope is restricted to. If the list is not present, the scope applies to all senders (i.e. the permission is not restricted).

**Example:**
```json
{
    "id": 1,
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "icrc25_request_permissions",
    "params": {
        "version": "1",
        "scopes": [
            {
                "method": "icrc33_call_canister",
                "targets": ["ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai"],
                "senders": ["ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai"]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

## Errors

See [ICRC-25](./icrc_25_signer_interaction_standard.md#errors-3) for a list of errors that can be returned by all methods.

While processing the request from the relying party, the signer can cancel it at any time by sending an [error](#errors) in response. In addition to the pre-defined JSON-RPC 2.0 errors ([-32600 to -32603 and -32700](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification#error_object)), the following values are applicable:

> - `30201 Action aborted`

Reviewer: Not necessarily in this PR, but we need to do another pass through all other methods as well to make sure that `insufficent_scope` and `denied_by_user` are well defined and clearly distinguishable. Maybe we should rename the errors in the base standard as well to more intuitively map to the cause of the error.

## Summary

> This Method can be used by the relying party to request calls to 3rd party canister executed by the signer using the selected or requested identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Method can be used by the relying party to request calls to 3rd party canister executed by the signer using the requested identity. In order to prevent misuse of this method all `icrc33_call_canister` requests are subject to user approval.
```
